hey YouTube people today I have a
special review both as a tech gadget and
a sweet accessory for in any adventure
motorcyclist or any motorcycle it's
really anybody who makes video logs or
or you know travel journals or takes
pictures or anything where when you're
out on the road you may need something
like this that charges your stuff
this is the optech solar charger I'm
gonna go ahead and unbox it just pull it
out like this oh you can see it's
already looks like it's charging I guess
um little product guide when a bag full
of goodies let's open this up these are
all the tips that's not much to it
in that in that box there anyway looks
like we've got all kinds of stuff from
iPod connectors don't know if that's one
I don't own an iPod or an iPad looks
like this is a Nokia charger tip just
different kinds I mean there's looks
like there's ten of them this is the one
I'm interested in well these two anyhow
you can see it comes with a lot of
different tips now the ones I'm
interested in most are this one come on
focus
let's get it way up there I didn't have
any choice
okay well let's see if it works if I do
that can you focus well they love them
I'm just holding it too close maybe I'm
a moron that's something I'm sorry it's
not zooming very well that's what
happens to your when you have kids okay
there we have it alright so this is the
one I'm most interested in this is just
a standard USB now it's focused behind
thanks you son of a biscuit all right
there we go
that's what I want to show you stop
focusing on what's behind it
okay anyway okay so we have that and we
have this this is a I think a microUSB
and this is a mini USB and then this
little guy now this just plugs into the
little soldier trip soldier mm-hm
it plugs into the soldier plugs him in a
solar charger so you can charge your
gadgets out on the out on the road so
let's see let's see if it works I've got
my phone here yeah we got a samsung
let's go ahead and plug this in boink
oh nice it works very nice and let's see
if it gives us the right stuff right and
it says on the packaging thing that you
have to hold this down for three seconds
and then it'll start to charge oh there
it goes look at there it's charging you
can see right there so I haven't even
set this in the Sun or anything I mean
it's just getting the light from right
there but maybe it's left over or
something yes it is charging my phone
I'll do a test and see how long it takes
to charge something completely probably
the phone anyway another cool thing
about this one of the best things I
think is that say you have a proprietary
plug say for example it's this Sony
camera that I'm using it has this super
wonky plug that goes in the bottom it
looks like micro USB but it's not it's a
proprietary Sony piece of gosh even
though their customer service was great
when the camera broke the nice thing is
though is I'm assuming this will plug
into yeah it's just regular USB so you
can plug them into that and then you can
charge from that anyway I saw this at
Harbor Freight well I saw one like this
at Harbor Freight decided that
it was a good deal at 25 bucks brought
it home it was a 1 watt charger and then
I saw I thought well hey maybe Amazon's
got something better
checked it out on Amazon the same model
at Amazon was 10 bucks and then I
decided well I'm gonna spend 25 bucks I
got this this is a 5 watt charger and
from what I can tell it's a lot a lot
higher quality than the one I got ok so
you can see the practical application of
how I'm going to use this on my
motorcycle I have a tank bag here with a
clear map window so basically that means
great things I've got my cell phone
right here I'm just gonna tuck this up
in there with that that's just gonna
continue generating juice for any of my
electronics that I might have that
includes my helmet cam this camera that
I'm using my cell phone that I'll use
and even you know different things like
say this USB rechargeable flashlight
which is really cool but there you go
I mean basically it's free energy for
the road you never have to stop off and
and and power up at hotels or anything
like that if you're deep in the
backwoods so you may ask yourself if I'm
in the deep woods why do I want all this
gadgetry well obviously maybe you like
to make videos on YouTube like I do and
you want to charge a big ear well this
is a perfect alternative it's quick and
easy to charge up I'm gonna do my test
and tell you how long it takes in the
description to charge up a regular cell
phone and that's it thanks for watching
ever ride I tell you to subscribe or all
that but really if it's if you like the
stuff I do you're gonna subscribe anyway
and if you don't you're just gonna leave
the video and probably make it dirty
comment so do either we'll see ya